hello today I'd like to show you the
walking foot this guy and presser foot
for the box it has the white white parts
right here actually feed dogs just like
these little guys on the bottom of your
machine back grab and move their fabric
so what this essentially does is put a
pair on top and a pair on the bottom
they synchronize so that the fabric can
move evenly and everything will match up
it's a great guy for doing really heavy
fabrics like fleece or terry or if you
have something that has a bunch of liars
like a quilt or even if you're just
using nicks things with stripes or
patterns plaids that you want to match
up this will make sure that the stripes
on the top piece the shirts on the
bottom piece don't go all wonky this
little arm right here is actually what
tells the little white feed dogs went to
move as I pull it you can see they go up
and down that needs to go on top of your
needle arm right here where you at your
needle that's the screw that holds your
navel in that bar needs to go up here so
as you raise your needle little racier
but I'm going to teach it and show you
what I mean I've got everything
assembled now you can see over here it's
the little white bar then I was talking
about as I lower the needle the bar for
sound it's a great thing about this one
is once you have the presser foot on you
pretty much just
so no fiddling know adjusting just stick
this fabric over there this is fleece
you know if you've used it before it'll
slide around on itself you end up
getting to the bottom of your pants legs
are like this because one went further
than the other but I am just going to
hold it lightly gently down here and let
the presser foot do its thing
you can see where they started match to
the top there's still matched up at the
bottom one's not longer than the other
seems completely normal so easy i'm
going to show you one more time with
just a piece of this is scrap t-shirt
I've got the hem of the sharp you might
be able to see it right there you can
see the two lines of stitches this one's
broken so you can definitely see him
it's even when I cut it just going to
pop it in there and let it go
you can see that's the bottom if I was
making a t-shirt or pair of shorts pair
pants play dance for Aurilia it wouldn't
be all wonky by the time I got to the
bottom just like that super easy the
only issue is you cannot use a
decorative stitch the hole and the
presser foot is too small you can
however use a twin needle if you don't
know what that is I have a different
post about that then i'll link to but
you can do two lines of stitching at the
same time evenly just like the hem on
the bottom of the t-shirt so be perfect
for that no surgery required just pop
this on with the double needle and go
ahead perfect 10 I know we hear a lot
about this presser foot when we're
talking about knits especially if you're
scared of them but now that you've seen
what it does hopefully that'll help you
out have a good day